boom what's up everyone Marco by a tiger
fitness calm getting emails about pros
Sarah or steroid cycles like like I've
got before and I've done videos on but
this one this was something look at
there's a video going around on YouTube
not sure if you've seen it or not but
it's basically someone saying that's
access to big Ronnie's offseason cycle
for 2015 I decided to post it as you've
seen the attach to the cycle is an
insane amount of gear do you think
there's any truth to this and do you
think some pros are not all really using
that amount of peds now I'm gonna read
what he takes alleged testosterone and
it ate five grams per week there's three
theses per shot about 250 measures 750
that right there is at least 78 shots a
week of full vials deca 2 grams per week
trend below and invade 3 grams per week
EQ 3 grams per week devolve 100
milligrams every day Anatole 300
milligrams every day HGH 36 iu myostatin
blockers every day letrozole two point
five milligrams every day now I'm not
gonna argue with the injectables I'm not
gonna argue I my only argument is where
the fuck would he put all that juice
you're looking at about at least 10
shots a day I'm counting just by looking
at this like 10 shots that take easily
like where the fuck is he gonna put all
that and those are three cc's those
aren't insulin pens
those are big horse harpoons man those
are going in easy so my thing is if this
is true and I don't know if it is I'm
not big Ronnie I'm big mark I'm big papa
I'm a vaginal enthusiast but here's the
deal the only reason I'm gonna say this
cycle is bullshit is EQ no his default
is 100 milligrams every day and a Nadal
is 300 milligrams every day he would be
feeling like utter shit he would be
tired he 180 walk his eyes would be
yellow he would probably go into liver
failure that is an enormous amount of
extremely HEPA toxic orals of those
laurels the highest I've heard of pro se
they use
under milligrams everyday combined I've
never heard of anybody using upwards of
200 or even 300 let alone 400 milligrams
of combined Ebola antigen so whether
this cycle is real whether this cycle is
fake you know the test the DECA the EQ
that can all be true I don't know how
much the injections this guy could put
his body through I just know that the
abscesses and the lumps on his body
would be of enormous proportions and
he'd be in pain sitting down because
it's asked to be full of oil I don't
care how much deep tissue massage and
foam rolling he does the only reason I'm
gonna say this cannot be true is due to
the extreme liver hepatic sistah t he
would be putting himself through so with
that said is it possible he's using this
yes anything's possible
it's also possible that monkeys will fly
out of my butt but yet the degree of
possibility is extremely low is he
honest I don't know can you be on it yes
what is the probability he's on it
extremely low don't believe everything
you read on the Internet and also
believe that big Rami Philly's Kai green
Shawn Rhoden branch warned all these
guys are extreme genetic outliers and
they can probably take the same amount
of gear you will take and see no games
and see tons of games the fact they take
over the amount of gear a lot of people
take and they have their extreme
genetics that's why they're the best in
the world
I'm Marco blonde or Tiger fitness.com
because killing your liver to win mr.
Olympia it's not okay
you